Adding some missing docs for choreo connect (#3568)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/security-configurations.md

    |-----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | `security.adapter`              | The configurations required for adapter to provide API authorization security for Choreo Connect and the backend. By default `enableOutboundAuthHeader` is false which removes the authorization header from the backend request.  `authorizationHeader` configuration defines the authorization header expected by the Choreo Connect. It can be overridden at API level using the `x-auth-header` extension.                       |
    | `security.enforcer`                    | The configurations required for enforcer to apply API management security. |

>     | `security.enforcer.tokenService`                    | `tokenService` defines the configuration required to JWT token authorization. You can provide multiple JWT issuers. When the Choreo Connect connects with WSO2 API Manager, the tokenService configurations defined at config.toml are overridden by the APIM keymanager configurations receiving through the add/update events, if the same token service persists in both side. But if an issuer is deleted by API Manager adamin portal, that event data will not be proceed if it still persists in config.toml file. |

Reviewer: Explain about using any third party key managers as well

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | `security.enforcer.tokenService`                    | `tokenService` defines the configuration required to JWT token authorization. You can provide multiple JWT issuers. When the Choreo Connect connects with WSO2 API Manager, the tokenService configurations defined at `config.toml` are overridden by the APIM Key Manager configurations receiving through the add/update events, if the same token service persists in both side. But if an issuer is deleted by API Manager Admin Portal, that event data will not be proceed if it still persists in `config.toml` file. |
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3568/commits/0bcdd999288f332d0bd6308bff36e8f7648f4e8c
